1 Foam Sword
This is the second shittiest melee weapon in the game. Better hope you don't find the worst one.
2 Poseidon's Revenge
A one-handed trident used by Posiden to kill first his brothers, everyone else, then himself.
4 Worldslayer
Idk why this is named worldslayer. No one knows why, it sucks
6 Blade of the Grave
This blade is most commonly used to kill oneself, thus the name.
8 Balisong
Not the strongest weapon, but it's pretty cool.
10 Ghastly Sickle
A spectral sickle. It's just a ghost's weapon
12 Foul Basher
A small spiked mace, great for causing minor brain damage and torturing small animals.
14 Black Jack
Its just a big stick you smack people with. You don't need to be smart to use it.
16 Cometfall
Hits with the strength of a comet falling from the sky.
18 The Peacemaker
A large spiked mace. One look at it and most people get real peaceful real quick.
20 Blade of Doom
An ancient blade, forged in the dungeons of old, heated with lightning and cooled in the northern glaciers. Some claim to hear thunder when it is wielded by one who is worthy.
22 Hatred's Point
A spear who's point was forged with hatred.
24 Light-bringer
Forged by Jim the Saint, this blade glows when near enemies. Has a chance to strike with a blast of holy light. (not really though)
26 Crimson Obsidian
Rapier made of a reddish stone. Origins unknown, but it smells of death.
28 Vengeance of the Wolf
A dagger mad from the fang of a Dire Wolf. It looks terrifying.
30 Twilight Dagger
Kills things on contact, and is still a better love story than other twilight.
32 Knight's Fall
This dagger is the physical embodiment of a  knight falling over. It is a traggic blade.
34 ThunderFury
A hammer made of thunder. It cannot be seen, and it grants its user the ability to silence lightning strikes. Great for party tricks.
36 Lazarus
This axe revives once the first time it dies. It was made  from the flesh of a man named Garry.
38 Hell's Scream
Every time you hit someone with this sword, they feel, for a moment, what it's like to be in hell.
40 Ghastly Gold Sabre
The sword of the late Sir Nicolas, this blade is now as copereal as its previous owner.
42 Ghost-walker
It's just a massive axe that looks like a ghost walking around. Nothing weird or supernatural.
44 Life's Interruption
Using this scythe will interrupt people's lives.
46 Arched Smasher
A Dwarven hammer crafted from an arch of a bridge. Doesn't look the greatest, but it kills good.
48 Demonic Warscythe
A scythe used by the demon Kirkland. He was weak as balls, but the scythe was really good.
50 Cry of the Serpent
A cruel weapon, an axe shaped like two vipers entwined with blades coming out of their mouths.
52 Volcanic Crusher
A hammer made of literal magma. Melts anything and everything on contact, except stuff that can't melt, like enemies and the player character.

60 Echo
filler text to come later